short boy JD get wasted hold each other
for one minute
so what good this MSE for Lily everybody
drunk girls chicken yes we be having fun
you only live once shake those dance
moves to the baseline hook the nikah but
the waistline mr. West I got mr.
rhuebottom laughs vegetables like the
line and gobo feel like that I knew
nothing to know cause he went out sign
it it's kind of funny cousins any money
I make and I don't mind
Charlie you so fine I'll take you to my
crib we can throw a little better I'm a
sheet up in the chilling I'm here and
now these ladies wanna spend the time
with the rapper like me take him to the
clubs fine bubbly then it's working for
me your best
down low homies ain't no shots up the
shot city lights no Hill pro riding
around the city I see ya and I got Ling
Li telling hate us cool mighty mo not go
sped up again windy baby hell of a day
so truck may we go away crazy will be
telling that my gang in flipping life to
the furnace is my man
I'm ashy that balloon will end now
I'm a Jedi put the chafing up get fit to
Sunday and laughs yeah baby
I'm a cheetah balloon will a damn hey
I'm a sheriff on the drive but now every
to Sunday and laugh we're big piece
-
baby
my second
fare to Sunday
J
paintbrush with you the dog you wanna
dance with me you go flop and ERC I'm
feeling kind of faded to speed in my
head nummy leather start shaking
earthquake and dancing to the beat move
walking we're use your feet feeling
French to death
spin a sex offense if you wanna make a
quick buck spin mocap into a second line
then you wanna do it again a neighbor
like a nanny was the one who fell ill a
panelist and I can't translate fucking
time I rule now Nikki have been fun trip
until we float don't warehouse parties
with the neighbors man we keep that one
little Inlet now hey I might end up in
the chafing up here fit to run Danny
yeah yeah baby
I match it up aluminum
I might set up on the tape and I'm in
bed to Sunday
to
baby
fair to Sunday laughs baby
I magic typhoon will
i'ma tell opponent - up here - sunny
I'm a g-type aluminum
I'm a Jedi put a jay burnham give it to
baby what I love
- laughs wait a bit yeah